feat(config): apply float_win_config to floating windows (#133)
mrcjkb/rustaceanvim: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [Unreleased]

### Added

> - Config: Add `tools.float_win_config` apply to floating Windows.
>   Move `border`, `max_width`, `max_height`, `auto_focus`
>   from `hover_actions` to `float_win_config`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Config: `tools.float_win_config` for all floating Windows
  created by this plugin.
  Moved `border`, `max_width`, `max_height`, `auto_focus`
  from `hover_actions` to `float_win_config`.
  The `hover_actions` window options are still applied
  if they exist, so as not to break compatibility.
```
